* MTV *
[TJ]
Welcome back to The Challenge.
You have no idea
what's in store for you.
[woman 1] I will do anything
for this money.
[man 1] I'm ready
to take fucking heads off
till I'm the last one standing.
[woman 2]
Nobody likes you.
[woman 3]
Came here to beat some ass.
[woman 2]
250,000 [bleep] dollars now.
[man 2] You think you're tough
all the time?
* *
[Tina]
Don't call it a comeback.
I'm known in the Challenge world
for getting angry,
being mean and my one-liners.
Oh, you got a lot of nerve,
bitch.
You [bleep] idiot!
This isn't my first Challenge.
-Beth.
-Tina.
My life is fabulous.
I have a husband.
No kids. I don't work.
I have a pool in the backyard.
Life is really good.
Getting ready for y'all,
motherfuckers.
Take some bitches out.
I just want to see
if I still got it.
if Tina's still there.
[Brad]
I am considered in the top tier
of competitors of this game.
I have that internal switch
to kind of go into savage mode.
Let's go!
Get it! Fuck you! Let's go.
[women screaming]
[Brad] I've had a really rough
few years.
I lost my job
in the beginning of COVID,
but I still have a lot
of blessings to count at home.
I've got two incredible sons.
I'm going to fight my heart out
for that money.
I know there's some great
competitors in the house
but I also know
that I'm one of them.
* *
My Challenge reputation is
probably being wild and crazy.
Give us a [bleep] break...
[yelling]
Punching mirrors,
dancing on stripper poles.
[cheering]
Oh, my God, my daughter's going
to watch that one day. Um...
But now, as a mom, a wife,
things have changed.
I'm a strong Black woman
and I can do anything.
I think what makes me
an all-star is my heart.
I'm about to give you
a thousand percent of me.
I'm an all-star
because I'm the only one
who's won four in a row.
Last season was the first time
I have ever lost a final.
That's a tough pill to swallow.
Oh, you motherfucker.
I've never let something
just slip out of my hands
that I knew I had in the bag.
That's why I'm back
for another season.
I am back for redemption.
Game on, motherfuckers.
* *
["Everybody (Backstreet's Back)"
by Backstreet Boys playing]
* Everybody *
* Rock your body *
* Everybody
Rock your body right *
* Backstreet's back
All right *
-Yeah.
-What's up brother?
Oh, my God.
Hey, what's up, Tyler?
Long time no see.
What are you doing these days?
I'm just bartending here
in Cancún.
[Derrick]
All right, man, that's great.
What makes me an all-star?
I mean, just look at my record.
Out of four Challenges,
I won two of them.
[whoops, shouts]
My eliminations,
I've had to go against
the biggest and the best.
[people screaming]
Yeah.
[man 3] Go, T! Go!
Going down!
Whoa.
I live in North Dakota.
I'm a teacher.
I'm playing for my students
that I teach.
Nowadays I'm pushing 235.
I'm all man beast, total bear.
Some say zaddy,
you can call it what you will.
I'll tip you next time.
[speaking indistinctly]
* Now throw your hands up
In the air *
* And wave them around
Like you just don't care *
[cheering]
* If you want to party
Let me hear you yell *
-To an incredible team.
-Yes.
I won the first female
solo Challenge ever.
This has been like the most
amazing experience of my life.
I'm a strong competitor.
I work at an army
wellness center,
so I help people get fit.
The old me playing
The Challenge was very insecure
whereas now
after having two kids
and being married for 13 years,
I'm more self-assured.
I don't care as much
what other people think of me.
[chuckles]
Are you ready for this?
[Kendal]
Yeah, how do you feel about it?
This is the first time
back since Inferno?
Yeah.
[laughter]
[Kendal] Yeah.
I think that's insane.
The last time you've seen me
was on The Inferno I.
I played in the infamous
elimination with Kendal.
[man 4] I've been the most
honest with you out of anybody
-in this place here.
-[Leah] You're an ass.
See, when this is over,
I'm going home
-and I'm going to hit you.
-Whatever.
[Leah] And the winner obviously
was Kendal.
Now I have a ten-year-old son
who is absolutely darling
and impeccably mannered.
I am a single mother.
I feel like I need
to let the new Leah shine
because I'm proud
of the progress
that I've made as an adult.
-Mr. Gauntlet, right?
What's up, man?
-Yeah.
You're growing the hair out,
huh?
-Oh, I know.
-20 years?
[Katie] Steve is from my season
of Road Rules: The Quest.
[screaming]
[cheering]
And they'll tell you 52 times
he looks like Jason Momoa,
but I don't see it at all.
[dolphin squeaks]
-[overlapping chatter]
-Cheers, brother.
[Steve]
For all the Modelo commercials,
I'm the hand that pops the...
-Are you, really?
-Are you serious?
-Yeah.
-You guys,
we have a celebrity here.
[Tina] Show us. I want
to see it. How do you do it?
I want to see it.
I want to see it. I want
to see it.
-I want to see it!
-For the last 12 years,
I have been a successful
professional hand model.
["Oh Yeah" by Yello playing]
You have to, like,
pop it off like that.
And then you do it
like 10, 15 times.
They are quite beautiful
if you look at them closely.
-[MJ] Teck Money!
-What up, MJ, what's up, man?!
-[MJ] How you doing, man?
-So good to see you.
What's up?
What up, you big country boy,
you?
Last season was the first season
of The Challenge: All Stars.
I got eliminated on the third
challenge by Nehemiah.
So I'm back,
back for redemption.
I needed to come
and do this again, prove myself.
You look wonderful, man.
Thank you, man.
Appreciate it, man.
You got that Pepto-Bismol
coming out.
'Cause I'm the shit.
-[yells]
-[all laughing]
Why am I an all-star?
'Cause I'm Teck Money, baby.
I got the looks.
I got the brain.
I got the gift of gab.
I'm like Amazon, you know,
the total package.
[laughing]
[Nehemiah]
Ayanna in the house. What's up?
The last time I was in front
of you guys,
I was sleeping in my uniform
because I wanted to win.
I want to say my piece.
Excuse me.
I slept in my uniform last night
'cause I wanted to win today.
But nobody stepped up today.
Nobody stepped
the [bleep] up today.
Sometimes in life,
you wish you'd get a do-over,
and this feels like that.
I'm a mom of four.
I have two teenagers
and two toddlers.
We've had a lot of adversity
as a family.
I'm doing this for us.
I haven't seen you
in a minute, girl.
[Ayanna]
How have you been?
I know Ayanna
from Battle of the Sexes 2.
Just kind of clicked.
She was cool.
We had fun. We laughed a lot.
I now live in Jersey City.
Right before the pandemic,
I gave my resignation
to a company
that I worked for for 20 years
because I wanted
to change my life.
And a few months later,
all of a sudden,
we're doing
All Star Challenges.
So I feel like I'm starting
the second half of my life.
[Jonna]
I can't believe this.
When's the last time
you did a show?
-Like your last Challenge.
-I don't know, you tell me.
Well, I saw you as a mercenary.
Right?
You walked in, like, with CT.
Oh, we were like heavy-hitters.
That was the last time I was on.
I brought a couple
heavy-hitters from back home.
And I think you guys
might know these people.
[man 5] Uh-oh. Oh!
[woman 4]
That's CT and Tina!
-Yeah.
-Oh, you're so sweet.
-It's really cool.
Thank you.
[Jonna] Part of my strategy
is playing the social game.
I'm trying to make
as many friends as possible.
I feel like people like Tina
like to be showered
with compliments.
So, you know,
it may be good for my game.
I've heard crazy things
that it's very different.
Oh, yeah. Yeah.
I don't know.
If they say Cutthroat,
-I'm definitely Cutthroat.
-[glasses clanking]
Someone's going to get cut.
* It sure is hot out here
You know *
* Know what I'm saying? Uh *
* Take the shackles off my feet
So I can dance *
-Look at TJ.
-[TJ] What up, guys?
[all cheering]
What's up, TJ?
[TJ] I know that some of you
have been waiting
a really, really long time
to be here.
So let's just get right
down to it.
[Darren] TJ pulls up.
Swagged out like we on vacation.
But this ain't no
goddamn vacation.
* I'm gonna praise you *
All right, everyone.
I want you to take
a look around.
Each and every one of you
has a serious past here
on The Challenge.
Some of you
are Challenge champions.
Some of you seek redemption.
And some of you have yet
to capture that elusive victory.
Some of you might be snakes
or a politician
or might be Challenge beasts.
But one thing's for sure,
you can never outrun your past.
So be ready for anything
at any time.
Welcome to The Challenge:
All Stars.
[cheering and applauding]
Now it's called
that for a reason.
I'm looking at a bunch
of all-stars.
First challenge is no joke.
Go get moved in.
I'll see you soon.
* *
Last season, we bumped it up
another level.
I hope this season, it's taken
a couple more levels up.
I'm looking forward
to badass competitions,
awesome eliminations,
epic moments.
So get ready.
["Cum On Feel the Noize"
by Quiet Riot playing]
* Come on, feel the noise *
-* Girls, rock your boys *
-[men cheering]
* We'll get wild, wild, wild *
How do we get
in this motherfucker?
-Careful.
-Don't break an ankle.
* Wild, wild, wild *
Where is the bar?
* So you think
I got an evil mind? *
* I'll tell you, honey *
-[woman screams]
-* I don't know why *
-You've got a window?
-We're all out. We're out...
We're gonna do great
this season, guys.
That was my cardio for the day,
ladies.
-Is that real?
-Yeah, there's two beds.
[cheering]
[Casey] There have been
so many people that have said
I'm one of the worst
Challengers ever.
-[man 6] Come on, Casey.
-All right, Casey.
I'm perfectly capable
of just jumping four stories.
[man 7] It's four stories
in the water.
[Casey] I'm not doing that.
-[Casey] I know. I'm so sorry.
-[man 7] Okay.
[Casey]
I am dying for redemption.
There is so much more to me
than being afraid to do heights.
I am coming into this
as a 34-year-old woman,
an accountant.
I am recently engaged.
Just want
to set the record straight
and say,
you ain't seen nothing yet.
Hey, roomie, I'm going
to get you a drink.
Oh, let's get a cocktail,
ladies.
[woman cheering]
* Girls, rock your boys *
[Katie] I thought they
were all bunk beds.
All right.
Who cleaned the bunk bedroom?
Last season I was hoping
for a little vacation.
This season,
I am ready to compete.
I have been working out.
I have been practicing
endurance, stability, balance.
Three things that I think
cost me my win last season.
[man 8] Go, go, go, go, go,
go, go, get as much flex.
[woman 5] Katie, why don't you
do something?
[disgruntled voice]
Shit.
[Katie]
I am happily married
and we have a six-year-old
daughter, Avery.
I work in finance
for a media production company.
And I love decorating.
* Come on, feel the noise *
[MJ]
Dude, there is a gym.
Hey, look at this little
bitty barbell. [chuckles]
Last Challenge I was on
was The Duel 2 in New Zealand.
My oldest daughter
was only two years old.
It's pretty awesome now
that she's 14 years old
to see her dad compete.
The game's changed a lot.
It's much more intense.
I know my biggest strength
is going to be my sheer size
and my athletic ability,
but my goal is to show my kids
that daddy can still kick ass.
Cohutta, you can...
sit here and do your flies.
-I can do these.
-[laughing]
I think my lifestyle at home
is probably a lot different
than a lot of people here.
I'm a general contractor
in Montana.
I have a very serious girlfriend
and we live together
in a log cabin
on about a 60- or 70-acre
sheep farm.
My home looks like
a Christmas card.
I pretty much live
in a Hallmark advertisement,
you know, every day.
Yeah.
The last season that I did
was All Stars, season one.
And was a little devastated
to go home
right before the final.
[TJ] This ends your time here
on The Challenge.
[Kendal] I just wanted
to make my boys proud.
And I did that.
They cried when I went home.
And so, this time
I want to make sure
that there's only tears of joy.
And maybe make some
of those dreams come true.
[indistinct chatter]
All right, everybody. So.
TJ Lavin, the man,
the myth, the legend,
wanted me just to give
a very small welcome toast
in honor
since he couldn't be here.
TJ did have a dream...
to bring all of our old asses
back on the TV screens.
[woman screams]
The last Challenge
that you saw me on
was the All Stars season one.
And I made it all the way
until the day before the final.
Every single thing that I did
came back to haunt me.
This time around it's going to
be a whole different ball game.
I'm known for being zen,
and I'm known for being
a nice guy.
Unfortunately, that has only
got me to the final one time.
So now we raise a toast
since season one is in the bag.
Season two will be the best
Challenge that they ever had.
[all cheering]
Yeah.
-[woman 6] Go, baby.
-Can I piss in the pool now?
-Let's piss in the pool.
-Teck Money.
It's Teck Money.
The party starter.
Call me when you want
the party started.
Here we go.
-* What you doing? *
-* Nothing *
* Chillin' at the Holiday Inn *
-* Who you with? *
-* Me and my peeps *
* Won't you bring
Four of your friends *
[Ayanna] No disrespect,
but sometimes a queen has
to admit when she sees a king.
He pulls off his kingly garments
and lets the scepter hang.
That was a sight to see.
* Feel on each other
And sip on some Hen *
* One thing leadin' to another *
* Let the party begin *
* Stop, drop, kaboom
Baby, rub on your ... *
* Some call me Ludacris
Some call me Mr. Wiggles *
[Melinda] I really feel like
I have something to prove.
I'm ready to show the world
that I can kick some ass
and be tough and win
one of these things.
When I was in my 20s,
I really didn't take a lot
of things seriously
and now that I'm in my 30s,
I am married and I have
a 21-month-year-old son.
I am happy with who I am,
stronger mentally,
stronger physically.
[cheering]
So I'm ready to bring it.
* One thing leadin' to another *
* Let the party begin *
[laughter]
-[Darrell] Truly.
-[Derrick] Cheers.
Cheers.
To a great season, gentlemen.
You're clearly like
the strongest girl here.
You, Kendal, probably Janelle,
Katie.
That's what I'm looking at now.
That's what I'm seeing now.
Maybe Sophia.
That's my thing, like, I know
a decent amount of people here,
-like, know of them
or have like...
-[Derrick] Yeah.
...been friendly with them, but,
like, I don't know them enough
to, like, have them be
on my team or anything,
-you know what I mean?
-[Derrick] Right. Yeah.
And probably like alliances
have already like began
and stuff like that.
I've won three times.
I might be the baddest
motherfucker
that's ever played this game.
Sorry, I'm not sorry.
I want to run this damn
thing with Jodi.
-We started Road Rules
together.
-[Jodi] Yeah!
Nailed it on the first try.
I want to get a Challenge
championship with this girl.
Unless there's like a safety
to win or something,
like, everybody's free game,
you know.
And you don't know what
the elimination things
-are going to be.
-No, we don't. We don't.
That's just the way it works.
* *
This is beautiful.
This season, I'm definitely
more intimidated
walking into this one
just by, like, all the people
who are here.
Yeah. You were like a beast
on that last one.
I was like,
this chick just had a baby
and she came up a mountain.
On All Stars, I feel like
I did the best I've ever done.
-I got third place.
-[men] Jonna all day!
[cheering]
[Jonna]
I left my two kids behind.
I have a five-year-old
and a one-year-old.
And if I'm going
to take the time
to be away from my family,
you better believe
that I'm coming here to win.
[Jonna] Last season, I, like,
slid, like, under the radar.
But I feel like I can't play
that game again, so.
When's the last time
you did a show?
-17 years ago.
-[Jonna] What?
-Which one?
-Yeah, man.
Battle of the Sexes 2.
It was good. That's where
I met actually Ayanna
and I haven't seen her since.
How about you?
I have Derek and Jasmine
both here for my season.
[Sophia] When was the last time
you saw them?
[Jonna] Well, Derek came
to my wedding three years ago.
It's been a long time
since I've seen Jasmine.
[Sophia] I heard you guys were
beefing and now you're friends?
Yep. We used to be rivals.
So it's going to be interesting
to see, like, what it's like
to have people here
who I actually, like, left.
-Oh, that is true.
-Yeah.
-Oh, that's a whole different
ball game.
-Whole different game.
It's trippy.
-It feels good.
-[stammers] You just walk
-around with the bottle.
-It feels good. It feels good.
It feels good to see
all you guys.
I mean, so am I, but... [laughs]
On this first season
of the All Stars,
I did not make it to the final.
I've thought
about my elimination
and that Challenge
every single day.
I'm playing for my future.
I just recently fell in love
with a wonderful woman.
Before season one, it was
18 years in between Challenges.
And honestly,
I'm still the same guy.
I want to compete.
I'm super intense.
And I want to win.
[cheering]
[Tina]
Leah, why don't you do it?
-Do it. Do it. Do it.
-Yes.
I'm not wearing a bra.
That's the point, bitch.
-That's the point.
-You are so--
[man 9] Leah, do it
for all the single ladies.
Okay, listen. This is...
Listen, you're single--
Are you... Stop.
Who's going to pay
for my dry cleaning?
-Nobody. Go.
-Then, no.
-Do you know what this is?
-Silk.
-Yeah.
-Okay. Well, then strip it off.
Go.
[Janelle] Isn't this crazy?
I never would have imagined
we'd be doing a Challenge.
I know, right?
Nobody knows we know
each other from back way when.
-It's crazy.
-So do we say something
-or do we not say now?
-Nah, don't say nothing.
Okay.
Me and Janelle
from the Bay Area.
We used to go
to parties together
and we've known each other
for a long time.
A lot of people don't know that
in this house
and we're going
to keep it that way.
Nobody need to know all that.
People don't understand
the Bay Area
is a different breed, man.
-There's just something
about it.
-I agree with that.
I won my first Challenge
which was Inferno 3.
[Darrell] We won, right?
[Janelle]
We won $10,000...
[Darrell]
10 grand, baby.
I am currently a surgical nurse.
I have an amazing
supportive husband
and two beautiful amazing kids.
And they're just my joy.
I have literally dedicated
the past three and a half years
to my children.
And now I feel like
this is an opportunity
to dedicate a little bit
of this time to me.
* *
Hi. I need to do an appointment
at Designs by Jonna.
[Jonna laughs]
I have aged,
but I haven't grown up.
I'm still the same playful
Derek that you guys know.
My original season
was Real World: Cancún.
We started our journey together
in this spot 11 years ago.
I've got Jonna, I've got Jasmine
and I hope that we kick ass.
I'm pretty booked tomorrow,
because I have a lot of...
-[Derek] Booked?
-...appointments.
But for you
and this beautiful hair,
I can probably squeeze you in.
[Jasmine]
I am so happy to see Jonna,
my partner in crime
since the beginning.
We have gone through
such a roller coaster together.
But now that we're both moms
and wives, we are a unit.
I know if anything in this game,
Derek and Jonna have my back.
Her name is Anit.
[Tina]
My name's spelled backwards.
-Anit.
-Anit. Anit.
Obviously,
there's only one Tina.
So I am Anit.
I am Tina's other half.
-[Tina snorts]
-Oh.
Oh, I snort...
I know, right?
[Derek] This is what you look
like after the...
Yeah... wilted,
hot pink, reddish flowers.
-Do me proud, darling.
-I will, girl.
I'm gonna, I'm gonna...
I'm giving you my crown.
[Derek] What the fuck!
[women screaming]
[Derek] I want
a cold room, bitch.
If I'm going to be
impersonating somebody,
it might as well be one
of the strongest girls
in the house, right?
* We come together *
* 'Cause opposites attract
And you know *
[Tina] Don't fucking give me
competition, bitch.
* *
[grunting]
[Nehemiah] You ready? You ready?
[Derrick] Please don't hurt me.
Please don't hurt me.
Please, no.
Last season, I thought
Nehemiah hated my guts.
I put him into elimination
which ended up sending him home.
My vote's for Nehemiah.
I don't hate Nehemiah.
We just have
an awkward relationship.
I'm sorry. Please don't hurt me.
This is what you made.
Look me in the eye.
Please,
I can't look you in the eye.
-Look me in the eye.
-I'm too scared.
Derrick is intimidated by me.
I don't have anything
against the guy.
But, apparently,
he has something against me.
Is he going to play
an honest game?
I don't really trust him.
He can be shady.
Suck on that, punk.
* *
[Jasmine]
It's nerve-racking.
The butterflies
are starting to kick in.
The feeling of can I do this,
can I not do this,
am I too old for this?
Oh, my God.
What if I break a hip?
Is my insurance
going to cover all of this?
I'm fucking scared.
Obviously, nerves are high.
I got butterflies in my stomach.
I don't even know what I'm
getting myself into right now.
It's been so long
since I've actually done
any sort of physical challenges.
This is my first Challenge
in seven years.
They're just going to, like,
do something crazy
right off the bat.
[Tina]
Holy shit.
PTSD overload.
My anxiety is pretty much
steaming out my ears
and I am scared.
* *
[TJ]
All right, everyone.
Welcome to your first challenge
here on this season
of All Stars.
[cheering]
All right.
Before we get started,
I'll be telling you
what this badass Challenge
is going to be about.
Let's start with money.
-Yes.
-Yes. That's the most important.
[TJ] This season of
The Challenge: All Stars
is worth $500,000.
[all cheering]
Back in my 20s,
I may have taken that to Vegas
and spent a couple weeks
having a good time.
Today, we all have families,
we all have big responsibilities
in our lives.
Winning $500,000 now
is going to make each one
of these adults
more cutthroat
than they ever have been before.
Now, each challenge day
there will be two winners.
One man and one woman.
Sometimes you'll be playing
as teams.
as pairs.
And sometimes
you got to go at it alone.
Now, on the team and pair days,
you will be choosing your teams.
Ugh.
Now, this is where your past
could either help you
or hurt you.
Hopefully, it helps you
and, if it doesn't,
this could be your chance
for redemption.
Now for today's challenge,
you are going to be playing
in pairs.
So go ahead and knock
that out for me.
-Nehemiah.
-[Ayanna] That's it.
Let's go.
I look at Nehemiah
and he goes like this.
Oh, Nehemiah doesn't even want
to fucking pair with me?
I know you fucking heard me.
All right. Steve?
Steve is standing there.
No one's picking him.
So, Steve it is.
We have a great dynamic.
He knows when to shut up,
and I don't.
What am I doing here?
-Let's go, Road Rules.
-Let's do it.
You came and asked first.
Got you.
I turn around
and I see Laterrian.
He's a gentleman
and he's a great guy.
If he is your partner,
you are so bloody lucky
because he's great in every way.
All right. Today's challenge
is called Boarding Party.
* *
Now as you can see, there are
two badass boats out here
connected by a bridge.
To begin, you and your partner
are going to start on a zodiac.
* *
You're going to haul ass off
that zodiac
jumping onto the first boat.
You will then grab a skull,
race that skull
across that balance beam
to the second boat
where you then run to the front
and take a leap of faith,
jumping off the front
of that boat
and slam-dunking your skull
into a basket.
[all cheering]
[applauding]
This is a timed event.
Get it done as fast as you can,
because the team
with the fastest time
will be our winners.
Now, the winning team
will have all the power.
And I'll tell you
all about that later.
The team to get this done
the slowest,
well, if I was you,
let's just say, I would win.
All right? Good luck, everyone.
Yay!
* *
See you later.
[cheering]
-She's a mom of two now.
-I know.
-Like, my kids--
-I'm 40.
My kids are going to be
so excited to see me do this.
Even my husband, like, and
we're, like, boat yachty people,
like, and I get to do
boat yachty stuff.
Like, I'm excited.
-Yachty, yachty.
* *
The last time you guys saw me
was Fresh Meat II, 2010-ish.
* *
Currently my pipe dream
is to move to Austin, Texas,
get a backyard
and a dog, and a man.
Not only am I playing
this game for me,
but I'm playing it
for my nonexistent dog
and my future
nonexistent husband.
-Go!
-[horn blares]
-* *
-[cheering]
[Tina] How many more teams left
that needs to go?
-* Creep *
-* Oh, I, oh, I, oh, I *
Yes, America.
That is full speed.
This is not slow motion.
* Oh, I *
-* Yeah *
-* I creep *
I know we look a little slow.
So you're going to see
the old folks convalescent home,
just scoot across on our ass.
* So I creep, yeah *
[woman 7] Keep worming it.
Keep worming it.
* Said nobody is supposed
to know *
Oh, shit. They're going.
* *
[bell chimes]
-[bell chimes]
-Yeah.
Yes! I did it!
[screaming]
-Happy tears. Happy tears.
-Oh, yeah.
-Oh, my God.
-[Ryan] So proud of this one.
Showing you that moms
can do all the things.
Moms can still do it, you know,
like, I've been gone for
seven years and I still got it.
I still got that heart.
I'm never going to give up.
This bitch slam-dunks.
-Was easy. Can I do that again?
-Yeah, it was fun.
[Derrick]
All right. Let's do this shit.
[Jodi]
All right.
Grab the skulls. Put it in.
* *
I'm so happy to be reunited with
my Road Rules: X-Treme teammate.
I'm glad that we may
actually find redemption.
We did one challenge
back on The Duel
that I disqualified us on.
-[group groans]
-[horn blares]
The plan today is to dominate
the competition.
I'm going to be
the fastest guy today.
She's going to be
the fastest girl
and they're all going
to be scared.
-Boom.
-This is awesome.
-[Derrick] Yeah.
-Are you ready? Go.
-[horn blares]
* Booty, booty, booty, booty
Rockin' everywhere *
* Booty, booty, booty
Booty rockin' everywhere *
* Rockin' everywhere
Rockin' everywhere *
* I found you, Ms. New Booty *
[Derrick] I naturally feel like
Jodi's already my teammate
and I haven't seen her
in like 15, 16 years.
* I found you, Ms. New Booty *
* Get it together
And bring it back to me *
That was quick.
That was hella quick.
[both cheering]
[Tina]
Just like in the old days,
Derrick and Jodi are a force
to be reckoned with.
I'm like, shit.
That's definitely a team
that's going to be running
this game.
All right.
Next up, Nehemiah and Ayanna.
[Ayanna screaming]
-We gonna set this tone.
-Yes.
[Nehemiah]
They're going to be so mad
that they had to go after us.
Because we're eating
everything y'all have for us.
TJ Lavin, I'm eating every drop.
I'm licking it.
I'm picking it out my teeth
and I'm swallowing that, too.
Nothing is getting left
on the table,
on the mirror, on the ground.
We're eating.
-Bon appétit.
-Ready. Go.
-[horn blares]
* *
[Nehemiah]
I'm going to take the lead.
I know that Ayanna
has been far removed
from The Challenge
for many years.
So I'm okay with just trying
to guide her through it.
I feel the beam get really,
really wobbly.
But the only thing
I have in my mind is win.
So I start to walk across.
-Ah!
-[all exclaim]
-The nut buster.
-I told you, I told you.
You hear it crack.
[all exclaim]
Damn. I think Nehemiah swallowed
his nuts on that butt-plant.
-Ouchy.
-Oh, that-- he's... he fell.
I hope he's not trying to have
children in the near future.
[Cohutta] Everybody goes,
maybe walking across this thing
is not the best option.
* *
[all cheering indistinctly]
[Ayanna] My abdomen is saying,
girl, what is wrong with you?
Come on, Ayanna.
All of a sudden,
my left booty cheek,
my right booty cheek,
we're swaying,
and I'm trying
to hold onto that beam
like it's my baby girl.
-[screaming]
-Oh, no!
* *
-[Tina] Let's go.
-[man 10] Go, Ayanna.
[Nehemiah] Hold on.
Hold on. Hold on. Hold on.
[all exclaim]
Crash.
I see my dreams float away.
This is a perfect example
of where it goes wrong
in a challenge
when you have a partner.
You could be a very strong
player, perform awesome,
but because of an error
with your partner,
-you're both going down.
-[bell chimes]
[cheering and applauding]
So now, we just got to
both make it across the beam.
Nehemiah and Ayanna
have set the bar today
and it's pretty damn low.
Pretty much if both people
make it across the beam,
they're not going to be last.
[bell chimes]
Let's go, let's go!
-[bell chimes]
-[all] Yeah.
[Darrell] I know, America,
we look like chumps.
Y'all want to see us
run across this beam,
but I'm going to tell you
right now,
Nehemiah's nuts
is in his throat,
Ayanna fell in,
so we're going to play it safe,
because ain't nobody
trying to go
-in that elimination.
-[bell chimes]
[bell chimes]
-[all] Yeah.
-Yeah, Casey.
Casey and Teck!
I look up, the basketball
net seems a little far.
I am all of five foot one
and a half.
* I wish I was
a little bit taller *
* I wish I was a baller *
* I wish I had a girl *
* Who looked good
I would call her *
Yeah.
Come here. Come here.
Wait, wait. You ready?
One, two, three. Go.
* I wish I was
a little bit taller *
[all exclaim]
Finger-roll it, girl.
Finger roll.
Jump shot, something.
I know you dated a basketball
player before. Shit.
I just want my dunk shown
in slow motion, please.
Can you slo-mo my dunk,
please? Just...
Boom!
[Casey] Mine didn't go in.
[Teck] We did that. Don't worry.
Every day, all day
I'm walking beams for a living.
I'm a contractor.
All my buddies at home
are going to be, like,
what was your ass doing crawling
across that enormous beam
this high over the water?
[bell chimes]
-[bell chimes]
-[indistinct chatter]
I'm hoping
that just one person fails.
One person just to fall.
That's all that I need,
because at this point
it's not looking so good
for me and Ayanna.
-[bell chimes]
-[applauding]
[bell chimes]
* I know I've never, ever felt
Like this before *
[Brad] Make sure that skull
doesn't fall out, Katie.
Push it back down.
* Stuck between hell
And high water *
-Just like this.
-[bell chimes]
* Hey, dance, yeah *
* Nothing left for me to do *
-[groaning]
-* But dance *
* Off these bad times
I'm going through *
-Yeah!
-* Just dance *
-[all exclaim]
-* Hey *
* Got canned heat in my heels *
* Tonight, baby *
* You know I got canned heat
In my heels *
[Nehemiah] Goddamn.
* Hey *
Next up, Steve and Tina.
You're last but not least.
[Tina]
It has been a very long time,
but I'm feeling pretty good
about this one.
We're going to kick the shit
out of all those old people.
-You're going to see it.
-I'm the oldest...
-You're the oldest one?
-I'm the second oldest person.
-Well, you don't need
to tell them that.
-Okay.
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go,
go, go, go, go, go, go.
I have some elements
I have to deal with,
which is uno and dos.
Didn't have those
back in the day.
They are big, huge hazards.
So I tape these suckers up.
Titties down.
Let's fucking play.
[Jasmine]
They're flying through.
[Derek]
They're flying through this.
[bell chimes]
[Tina] Holy shit. We did good.
-That's a competitive run.
-Yeah, that was good.
Yeah, that was
a competitive run.
[Jodi] I'm known
to be a good competitor
in the Challenge world.
Being a good competitor,
unfortunately,
can put you in the line of fire.
People can want
to get rid of you.
I am concerned if Tina wins
what her choices would be.
Nice work, Tina.
Steve, nice job, man...
I was like, "Steve,
whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa, whoa..."
Well, that sucked.
How bad could you possibly play?
You boot scoot boogied
that shit
all the way across that thing.
Come on.
I mean, not one of you went
across that balance beam
like a balance beam.
Everybody looked
like a bunch of scared cats.
You looked pitiful.
Just embarrassing.
I want to see you do it
before you start talking smack.
[imitates]
"I want to see you do it
before you start talking..."
Listen, that was playing
not to lose.
I need you to play to win.
There's 500 grand on the mark.
You got to get that.
So I think
it's time for a twist.
From here on out,
every elimination
is a double elimination.
[MJ] TJ has just dropped
a bomb on us.
We control nothing.
Even when we feel
like we are, we're not.
TJ is in control.
I honestly don't blame TJ
for giving us a hard time
about going across this beam
on our butts.
I am embarrassed by it.
Why you always got
to fuck with me, TJ?
What do you want?
What do you want me to say?
You, like, could have
did a lot better.
Fuck you, TJ. Excuse my French.
But, no, really. Fuck you.
Now, the one losing team
was Ayanna and Nehemiah.
And they will be sent directly
into the Arena,
which is where
all the elimination rounds
are going to be taking place.
Now the two teams
that did the least terrible
were separated by one second.
* *
Steve and Loudmouth.
-Yeah.
-[applauding]
And Derrick and Jodi.
Winning is always
a double-edged sword,
because winning gives you
safety in this game
but it makes you a threat.
So you get onto people's radar.
You can't really go into
these things with a strategy
because the game is always
changing on you.
But the one team
to get it done the fastest,
and our winners
for the first challenge...
Derrick and Jodi.
-Yes. Yeah.
-[screaming]
[Jodi] I'm really excited.
It feels amazing
to win the first competition.
It feels good to be safe.
Booyah!
Road Rules: X-Treme, baby.
We're back.
Now I need Derrick and Jodi
to go back to the house.
Deliberate and nominate
four players
for possible selection
to go into the Arena.
[Tyler] Winning is great because
you get to pound your chest,
peacock around and be like,
yeah, I won the first challenge.
However, that means that
you are putting a huge target
on your back.
[TJ] Now out of those four
players, two men and two women,
everyone else needs
to vote and select
one man and one woman
to go into the Arena
to go against
our losing players.
[Brad] I like Derrick and Jodi.
But at this point,
I don't envy their position
and I don't think
they really know
what they're going to do.
No one pictured having
to nominate four people.
I will see you at the Arena.
Good luck.
["Shook Ones, Part II"
by Mobb Deep playing]
* I got you stuck
off the realness *
* We be the infamous
You heard of us *
* Official Queensbridge *
[Derrick] I've been busting
Nehemiah's balls
since last season.
Why would it be any different
this season?
If you win, you get power.
And I just think that
we're gonna have to help
Nehemiah grow some bigger balls.
* 'Cause ain't no such things
As halfway crooks *
This game tends
to make people very paranoid.
You know, at the beginning,
you try to play a game,
you try not to step
on too many toes.
But the way that
this game is set up,
you have to create some enemies.
You have to put people
up on the board.
This is where the game
gets real.
-Clocking in for overtime.
-Yup.
-It's all it is.
Do a little extra work.
I'm no stranger to it.
It's going to be
my ninth elimination.
[Nehemiah] Over the years,
I've played it honest
and it hasn't worked for me.
This time I'm trying to play
this game a lot more smart.
I've always played this game
with my heart on my sleeve.
[Teck] That's who you are.
Trying to play all noble
and trying to play,
but this game
rewards the opposite.
$500,000. I got your back.
Nehemiah,
this time he's out for blood,
which I can't blame the brother.
Everybody has to play
their own game.
It's about to get ugly,
y'all, and let's go.
* Oh, I had a future
But I let it go *
[Ayanna] Sometimes in life,
you wish you'd get a do-over,
and this feels like that.
[men screaming]
[truck horn blaring]
[Teck] Yeah!
[Tina]
You should have saved him!
[Teck] If you did somebody dirty
back in the day,
it's going to come back
to bite you in the ass.
* They said it was
A smash, though *
-[groans]
-Breathe.
-Hang in there.
[Darrell]
500 grand is on the line.
Fuck all these friendships.
I'm trying to win.
[MJ]
This may be the hardest thing
that you've ever done
in your life.
-I'm the wrong fucking one!
-You are the wrong one.
[Teck]
Why would you upset someone
that has the fate of your
Challenge in their hands?
[clattering]
Nice Tina is dead.
[Sophia] I just wanted to prove
myself in these challenges,
make myself feel good.
[Teck] This game is about
to get very ugly.
* *
[groans]
I can't do this anymore.
It's not worth it.
[woman screams]
* *